README.md, before:


##Angular + Typescript + RequireJS skeleton ❤❤
*with r.js minification!*
*with Karma + PhantomJS unit testing!*
###Easily starting up large-scale angular projects.

This project is built from the ground up to be 
**as minimal as posible**, while still be applicable to **large scale applications**

- **Folder structrure** *Feature based* instead of *type based* in order to avoid a single folder containing many unrelated files
- **Auto generated `require` dependencies** All files named `requireme.ts` are automaticly required, preventing a large, manually mantained dependencies file for controllers, services, ...
- **Tasks** `npm scripts` and `node` programs instead of `grunt` or other tasks runner eliminates an innecesary abstraction layer
- **Routing** included using `ui.routing` that supports neasted views and other goodies
- **Cache busting** for javascript and html files with an auto generated timestamp at each `npm run build` / `npm start`
- **r.js minification** run `npm run deploy` to get a production ready page


**External global dependencies**

- **NPM** - Node package manager. Install it from [here](https://nodejs.org)
- **Typescript** Install it using `npm install typescript -g`
- **http-server** Used for serving the page. Install it using `npm install http-server -g`
- **Typings** Type script definitions manager. Install it using `npm install typings -g`

##Restore packages first!!!
- Restore packages with `npm i --global-style`

##Running the app:
- Serve the page running `npm start` 
- Enter to `localhost:8080` on your browser

##Minfying the app:
- Run `npm run deploy`
- Go to `./app_main_build/` 
- Serve the page with `http-server`
- Enter to `localhost:8080` on your browser  

##Unit testing:
 - Run `npm test` for running all Karma tests
 - Write your own tests in typescript by adding `*.spec.ts` files to `test/unit` folder

###Other tasks
- **Set typescript to watch files** using `npm run watch` *Note: You will need to run the **build** task in order to regenerate `requireme.ts` files*
- **Regenerate `requireme.ts` files** This files are generated when running the watch or the serve tasks but only once (no file watchers here), you can run it manually using `node tools/build.js` 

###Install a new DefinitelyTyped definition
- Search the typing on name on DefinitelyTyped or by using `typing search library_name -A`
- Run `typings install library_name -SA` to install the package as an ambient dependency

##Use this repo as a skeleton
- Clone the repository `git clone https://github.com/RafaelSalguero/AngularTypescriptSkeleton.git --depth 1`
- Rename your project `ren AngularTypescriptSkeleton My_Project`
- Go to your project `cd My_Project`
- Remove the remote origin `git remote rm origin`


##Structure overview:
- The folder structure is designed to be **minimal** and to have many **small 
script files for every task and feature** instead of a few monolithic files
```
app
  |--features
     |--login
        |--login.html
        |--login.ts
     |-- other features...
  |--main
     |--app.ts
     |--main.ts
     |--requireme.ts
  |--utils
  |--config.ts
index.html
```

- **`features` folder**
    - This is where your views (*partials*) and your controllers are hosted
    - Typically each feature is a folder with a single view and a single controller
    - Each feature is reponsable for registering its own routing states
    - Each feature should contain a `requireme.ts` file that will be automaticly required thanks to [autoreq](https://github.com/RafaelSalguero/AutoRequire)

- **`main` folder**
    - `app.ts` defines the app module and some helper functions
    - `main.ts` requires the autogenerated `main\requireme.ts` file, indirectly requiring all other `requireme.ts` files and boostrap angular
    - `requireme.ts` autogenerated file containing requieres to all other `requireme.ts` files in the project folder
- **`config.ts` file**
    - Contains `shim` dependencies in order to load libraries that doesn't implement AMD/requirejs such as AngularJS
    - Depends on `main/main` so that when this file is loaded, `main.ts` is executed

Commit message:

use this repo as skeleton

README.md, after:


##Angular + Typescript + RequireJS skeleton ❤❤
*with r.js minification!*
*with Karma + PhantomJS unit testing!*
###Easily starting up large-scale angular projects.

This project is built from the ground up to be 
**as minimal as posible**, while still be applicable to **large scale applications**

- **Folder structrure** *Feature based* instead of *type based* in order to avoid a single folder containing many unrelated files
- **Auto generated `require` dependencies** All files named `requireme.ts` are automaticly required, preventing a large, manually mantained dependencies file for controllers, services, ...
- **Tasks** `npm scripts` and `node` programs instead of `grunt` or other tasks runner eliminates an innecesary abstraction layer
- **Routing** included using `ui.routing` that supports neasted views and other goodies
- **Cache busting** for javascript and html files with an auto generated timestamp at each `npm run build` / `npm start`
- **r.js minification** run `npm run deploy` to get a production ready page


**External global dependencies**

- **NPM** - Node package manager. Install it from [here](https://nodejs.org)
- **Typescript** Install it using `npm install typescript -g`
- **http-server** Used for serving the page. Install it using `npm install http-server -g`
- **Typings** Type script definitions manager. Install it using `npm install typings -g`

##Restore packages first!!!
- Restore packages with `npm i --global-style`

##Running the app:
- Serve the page running `npm start` 
- Enter to `localhost:8080` on your browser

##Minfying the app:
- Run `npm run deploy`
- Go to `./app_main_build/` 
- Serve the page with `http-server`
- Enter to `localhost:8080` on your browser  

##Unit testing:
 - Run `npm test` for running all Karma tests
 - Write your own tests in typescript by adding `*.spec.ts` files to `test/unit` folder

###Other tasks
- **Set typescript to watch files** using `npm run watch` *Note: You will need to run the **build** task in order to regenerate `requireme.ts` files*
- **Regenerate `requireme.ts` files** This files are generated when running the watch or the serve tasks but only once (no file watchers here), you can run it manually using `node tools/build.js` 

###Install a new DefinitelyTyped definition
- Search the typing on name on DefinitelyTyped or by using `typing search library_name -A`
- Run `typings install library_name -SA` to install the package as an ambient dependency

##Use this repo as a skeleton
- Clone the repository `git clone https://github.com/RafaelSalguero/AngularTypescriptSkeleton.git --depth 1`
- Rename your project `ren AngularTypescriptSkeleton My_Project`
- Go to your project `cd My_Project`
- Reset git in order to avoid conflicts with this shallow repo 
```
rmdir .git /S
git init 
git add .
git commit -m "Initial commit"
```



##Structure overview:
- The folder structure is designed to be **minimal** and to have many **small 
script files for every task and feature** instead of a few monolithic files
```
app
  |--features
     |--login
        |--login.html
        |--login.ts
     |-- other features...
  |--main
     |--app.ts
     |--main.ts
     |--requireme.ts
  |--utils
  |--config.ts
index.html
```

- **`features` folder**
    - This is where your views (*partials*) and your controllers are hosted
    - Typically each feature is a folder with a single view and a single controller
    - Each feature is reponsable for registering its own routing states
    - Each feature should contain a `requireme.ts` file that will be automaticly required thanks to [autoreq](https://github.com/RafaelSalguero/AutoRequire)

- **`main` folder**
    - `app.ts` defines the app module and some helper functions
    - `main.ts` requires the autogenerated `main\requireme.ts` file, indirectly requiring all other `requireme.ts` files and boostrap angular
    - `requireme.ts` autogenerated file containing requieres to all other `requireme.ts` files in the project folder
- **`config.ts` file**
    - Contains `shim` dependencies in order to load libraries that doesn't implement AMD/requirejs such as AngularJS
    - Depends on `main/main` so that when this file is loaded, `main.ts` is executed
